azurerm_kubernetes_cluster - and azurerm_kubernetes_cluster_node_pool support ultra_ssd_enabled and private_cluster_public_fqdn_enabled (#12780)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

* `private_dns_zone_id` - (Optional) Either the ID of Private DNS Zone which should be delegated to this Cluster, `System` to have AKS manage this or `None`. In case of `None` you will need to bring your own DNS server and set up resolving, otherwise cluster will have issues after provisioning.

> * `private_cluster_public_fqdn_enabled` - (Optional) Used to specify whether to create additional public FQDN for private cluster or not. Feature `Microsoft.ContainerService/EnablePrivateClusterPublicFQDN` must be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `private_cluster_public_fqdn_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether a Public FQDN for this Private Cluster should be added.

-> **Note:** This requires that the Preview Feature `Microsoft.ContainerService/EnablePrivateClusterPublicFQDN` is enabled and the Resource Provider re-registered, see [the documentation](XXX) for more information.
```

(add a link to `XXX` above)

* `private_dns_zone_id` - (Optional) Either the ID of Private DNS Zone which should be delegated to this Cluster, `System` to have AKS manage this or `None`. In case of `None` you will need to bring your own DNS server and set up resolving, otherwise cluster will have issues after provisioning.

* `private_cluster_public_fqdn_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether a Public FQDN for this Private Cluster should be added.

> -> **NOTE:** This requires that the Preview Feature `Microsoft.ContainerService/EnablePrivateClusterPublicFQDN` is enabled and the Resource Provider re-registered, see [the documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/private-clusters#create-a-private-aks-cluster-with-a-public-dns-address) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** This requires that the Preview Feature `Microsoft.ContainerService/EnablePrivateClusterPublicFQDN` is enabled and the Resource Provider is re-registered, see [the documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/private-clusters#create-a-private-aks-cluster-with-a-public-dns-address) for more information.
```

~> At this time there's a bug in the AKS API where Tags for a Node Pool are not stored in the correct case - you [may wish to use Terraform's `ignore_changes` functionality to ignore changes to the casing](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#ignore_changes) until this is fixed in the AKS API.

> * `ultra_ssd_enabled` - (Optional) Used to specify whether the UltraSSD is enabled.

Reviewer: what's the context here? For the OS Disk? For Data Disks? For the Nodes?

~> At this time there's a bug in the AKS API where Tags for a Node Pool are not stored in the correct case - you [may wish to use Terraform's `ignore_changes` functionality to ignore changes to the casing](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#ignore_changes) until this is fixed in the AKS API.

> * `ultra_ssd_enabled` - (Optional) Used to specify whether the UltraSSD is enabled. See [the documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-ultra-disks) for more information.

Reviewer: What does this mean: On the control plane nodes? On the default node pool? Are they enabled by default?

My guess is this is "can Ultra SSD Disks be used in the Default Node Pool?" but that should be clarified here
